<strong>tldr:</strong> I’ll keep this short and sweet. My focus is on Food, Transport and YOU. 

<strong>What do I want to work on?</strong><br>• Cheaper food - £4.50 meal deals are way too expensive<br>• A better range of foods - let’s make hot meals on plates a reality<br>• Free buses for students regardless of age - starting with the 9 bus that goes to Kings<br>• Listening to you - listening to and working on your needs not just my wishes
I was an Undergraduate representative this year, in school, college and uni level committees, I’ve collaborated and worked alongside other incredible reps and the sabbatical officers, so I have a good insight into the way things work under the hood. 
I seek your #1 vote for me as the next VP Community.<br><strong>Got some more time to read on?</strong>
Hey there, I’m Akrit. I am a motivated individual who wants your vote for the #1 choice for VP Community. I’m also an Informatics student, so yeah, if you want tech support, I can help you with that too! I’ve spent the year working alongside some amazing reps and sabbatical officers, all the while slowly reaching the level of confidence to put myself forward as a strong candidate for one of the Sabbatical roles: VP Community. I’ll start by telling you what I want to work on, before I tell you about my skill set :) What do I want to work on?
<strong>Food</strong><br>The University is a global brand for study, but one thing it ain’t is a global brand for food.  Bottom line: It’s just expensive, mate. A £4.50 meal deal is obscene. Let’s make it cheaper. So cheap that a student can afford to eat everyday of the week from a Uni cafe and not have to worry about selling a kidney to cover costs! While we’re at it, let’s revamp the menu. Wouldn’t you want a nice hot plate of food on a cold winter's day (which happens to be when our teaching blocks are scheduled)? I’m going to continue the work of current VP Community, Ruth, and get us those canteens! Or at least warm food on a plate.
<strong>Transport</strong><br>I’m under 22 so I get free bus travel. Not every student is under 22. So not everyone gets free bus travel. We’re a city-wide uni and the timetabling department does love sending us to every corner, nook and cranny of this city. It’s not our fault if we have a class in central and a class in Kings every week. Or if we have to go to the Bio Quarter but we got accommodation in Beaverbank. It’s not our fault. But if you’re over 22, it sure as hell is your money on the line. In an ideal world, all buses should be free for students regardless of age. But realistically, with University budget cuts, that ain’t likely. Never take no for an answer. I want at the very least, one bus for every campus to be free i.e. the 9, the only bus other than the shuttle bus that terminates right inside King's Buildings, should be free for students.
<strong>YOU</strong><br>I have my personal wishes (see above), you have yours. There’s only one role, one person to fill for VP Community. It would be selfish to not include YOU into my manifesto. I pledge, I promise, and I will ensure that I empower YOU. To listen to your concerns and wishes, and to act on them swiftly and strategically, so I can be the Genie to your Alladin’s wish. YOU matter. It sometimes doesn’t feel like that when change happens to you, rather than for you, but you do matter. I will strive to fulfill your desires so that we improve this university, not just for us, but for the ones that come after us too. That being said, I do have a few more ideas to improve the community aspect of our university. I want to spend the year highlighting, promoting and celebrating the diverse cultures and communities within our university. Diversity is the backbone to our strength and resilience, it’s time we start celebrating and recognising the ones that go unnoticed. And dare I say, a lot of communities do go unnoticed.
<strong>Bold words coming from a rando you’ve never met before.</strong> Let me tell you about myself.
I’ve spent the year as the Undergraduate Rep for Informatics, and through it I’ve had the opportunity to join all 3 levels of governance within the uni: School, College and University. I’ve hosted a competition for designing hoodies for Informatics students. I’ve engaged and spoken inside Senate (the academic body overseeing teaching and research within the uni). I’ve conducted surveys to gather collective disapproval for the current Appleton Tower cafe situation. All the while contributing where I can to ensure student voice for UG Informatics and students in general are a priority for the Uni. This year of being a rep has given me deep insights and understandings of how the uni operates. 
The university is very slow to change, you will have seen that with the divestment talks, and generally everything else. A building being built is literally the culmination of decades worth of work. Due to this, ideas, wishes and dreams take longer than a single year to complete. I’ve chosen to work on food and transport as these are two pretty big struggles we face: access to good cheap food on campus, and affordable transport between campuses. They are also struggles that have been worked on by this year's sabbatical officers. I was briefly given the chance to help VP Community, Ruth, along her fight to bring canteen-style dining to the uni. And although much effort has been made, there is still a long while to go. I don’t want this project to fall between the cracks of transition between new sabbatical officers, I want to carry this project on and complete it. I want food that’s cheap and affordable, and I know many of you do too.
I’m a proactive guy. I get the work done when assigned, not a minute before the deadline. I have tons of experience from this year alone working with the uni to improve student lives. I am also accountable. During my role as the UG rep, I published articles on my Linked In newsletter telling subscribers exactly what I’ve been working on. Upon election, I’m not planning on taking it easy. I want to truly devote my time and energy to actually improving this university. There’s only so much a UG rep can do, with studies and the slow nature of the uni. Upon election I will strive to achieve big wins for us all.
But that all depends on You. Your vote, Your trust. Please vote for me as your first choice for Vice President Community of our student association.
Thank you for reading,<br><strong>Akrit Ghimire</strong>
<i>ps. A bit more about me: I’m a philosophical guy, if the conversation happens to end up at a philosophical topic, a half hour can just fly like that. I get an ‘itch’ to code something every once in a while, checkout my survey for <a href="https://code-util.github.io/web/appletoncafesurvey/">Appleton Cafe</a> that I coded! I love sci-fi and I want to build robots when I complete my degree. I’ve run for elections throughout my life, I think because I do like to change the world, or at least, the world around me. Because it is our shared duty and responsibility to leave the world better than we found it.</i>